Okay, awesome.
Now the real question is, do I even
have [LAUGH] it's like I plan this.
All right, we have, really,
three functions in which we
need to actually fill out.
We have an update function and
we have a get function.
So a get takes in a key and
hopes for a value to come out.
An update takes in a key and a value and
should update how we
have everything set up.
Now the thing is that notice
that there's no insert, right?
Cuz we don't know if you
have the value in the cache.
Now we're just gonna say, hey,
update this thing, right?
If it's in there, move it to the front.
If it's not in there, add it to the front.
So we kinda need a way to be
able to do both operations.
A get will naturally move it to the front.
So let's write out these pseudocode
operations so we're not confused.
The first thing we need to do is,
let's see, check the cache for existence.
I think I spelled existence wrong,
I never know if it's an e or an a.
Existence, they both look correct me,
I will never know.
Don't correct me, please.
Just accept it.
Breathe in the correctness or
incorrectness.
Okay, second, we update the value we
found and move it to the front, right?
Because now that we've used it,
it is no longer the least recently used,
it is now the most recently
used piece of cache, right?
Is most recently used or
least recently used correct?
I can't really tell which direction
is supposed to be correct,
I'm using the term most recently
used as the newest possible used and
least recently used as the oldest.
It's like turn the AC down or
turn the AC up,
do you mean you want the temperature more
down, is that what you're trying to say?
It's one of those confusing which
way is the actual correct way.
So I'm gonna go with the way I
like to say it in my head, sorry.
Anyways, then lastly,
we need to return out the value found or
undefined if not exist, right?
Pretty straightforward.
I think we can kinda see that
that one shouldn't be too hard.
Let's talk about update now.
Update's a bit trickier than get.
Cuz the first thing we need to do is,
does it exist?
So we can use that with get, right?
So we can technically just
simply call get, right?
If we get the value out, well,
guess what, it's gonna be updated.
One tricky part is if we
change the value right here,
then we may not want to use that.
Now, in some LRUs, we have this whole rule
that if the key already maps to an item in
the cache, we're not technically
updating the contents of the cache,
we're only updating its
position within the list.
For us, we're gonna actually update
the contents of the cache as well,
assuming that it's meant to be changed,
all right?
So just in case someone suggest that as
a tricky way like, look what I found.
So first we have to find
out it doesn't exist.
If it doesn't, we need to insert.
But, of course, if we insert,
what do we have to do?
We have to check capacity and
evict if over, right?
If we've over done our capacity,
we need to evict some item from the cache,
correct?
Correct, awesome.
Let's see, let's see, let's see.
If it doesn't, we need to insert it, yep.
If it does, we need to update
to the front of the list and
update the value, right?
Makes sense?
All right, awesome.